Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesAlgonquin College
Algonquin College
Changing Lives
On this Page
About Algonquin College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Algonquin College
Book a Campus Tour
Jack Doyle Athletics and Recreation Centre (ARC)
Research Centres
Student Support Services
Residence
Contact Algonquin College
About Algonquin College

With more than 200 programs across fields such as skilled trades, technology, business, creative arts, and health sciences, Algonquin College serves communities throughout the Ottawa Valley and beyond. As a polytechnic leader, the College delivers hands-on, career-focused education that prepares learners for a rapidly evolving world.

Quick Statistics
92%

of Employers are Satisfied with Graduate Hires

200,000+

Alumni

50+

Co-op Programs

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
Bachelor of Child and Youth Care (Honours)

The four-year Bachelor of Child and Youth Care (Honours) program prepares you for a career in either front-line and/or supervisory roles contributing to the care, welfare, and positive health and development of children, youth, families, and communities. You gain specialized skills in nature-based learning, social innovation, entrepreneurship, program evaluation, and crisis intervention. The program includes hands-on experience through a 14-week co-op work term.

Details
Apply
Bachelor of Building Science (Honours)

This four-year degree prepares you to develop the skills and knowledge necessary to analyze and problem solve in optimizing the performance of buildings by bridging all facets of building design, construction, human comfort, and sustainability. It's the only program of its kind in Canada, responding to a critical need for professionals with an understanding of building physics and how to optimize buildings working as a system.

Details
Apply
Cardiovascular Technology

The two-year Cardiovascular Technology Ontario College Diploma program provides you with the essential knowledge and technical skills required to perform electrocardiograms, exercise tolerance tests, and ambulatory monitoring in the role of a cardiovascular technologist. The program has clinical placement sites across Ontario and could offer placement in other provinces as well.

Details
Apply
Indigenous Studies Foundations

In this one-year Ontario College Certificate program, you explore Inuit, Métis, and First Nations worldviews, community practices, and perspectives to support a sustainable future. Intended for both Indigenous and non-Indigenous learners, this program provides you with an opportunity to develop transferable personal and professional skills that are in demand in a wide range of Indigenous-focused areas.

Details
Apply
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

Future Students

Recruitment Presentations, Tours, and Events

Algonquin Students' Association

Financial Aid and Student Awards

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Algonquin College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Book a Campus Tour

Take a general tour of our Ottawa and Pembroke campuses and visit major common areas, student support services, the registrar's office, and more.

Book Your Tour Now.

Jack Doyle Athletics and Recreation Centre (ARC)

The Jack Doyle Athletics and Recreation Centre (ARC) offers something for everyone to discover – from fitness classes and intramurals to dining and live events. The ARC is a 125,000-square-foot fitness facility featuring a turf training area, climbing and bouldering wall, a 346-metre discovery track, recreation gym, varsity gym, and more.

The building also houses the Wolves Den Restaurant and Games Room, which includes an HD golf simulator and 10-pin bowling alley. It's the perfect place to meet friends and unwind, whether in the dining room, at the full-service bar, or outside on the patio.

Learn more.

Research Centres

Our Research Centres are hubs of active learning, where students and faculty partner with industry to make a very real impact.

Data Analytics Centre
Design Centre
Human-Centred Design Lab
Victimology Research Centre
Health & Wellness Research Centre
Social Innovation Lab
Innovation & Entrepreneurship Centre
Makerspace
Pembroke Campus

Explore our labs by taking a virtual tour.

Student Support Services

We're with you every step of the way. For academic help, social events, mental health support, volunteer opportunities, and more, you'll find the information you need at Student Support Services.

Services include:

AC Hub (campus life events and activities)
ASPIRE AC (peer tutoring, mentoring, and career planning)
Centre for Accessible Learning
Counselling Services
Health Services
Housing Support
Library
Mamidosewin Centre (fostering Indigenous culture)
Office of the Ombudsman
Project Lighthouse (teaching healthy relationships)
Spiritual Centre
Student Learning Centre
Testing Services
Umbrella Project (creating a safer space on campus to discuss the impact of alcohol and drug use)
Volunteer Centre
Welcome Centre

Learn more.

Residence

Residence offers everything you need for a smooth transition to college life. You'll find new friends, events, recreation facilities, and social activities. Our residence at the Ottawa campus has 520 two-bedroom suites that can accommodate 1,040 students. We accept applications year-round.

The Ottawa residence includes:

All-inclusive fees
Amenities such as 24/7 front desk, laundry, kitchens, lounges (movie theatre, sports, study)
Barrier-free rooms
Convenience – steps away from the Ottawa campus
Events and ways to get involved
Mental health and student success supports
Safety and security

Learn more.

Contact Algonquin College

Canadian Applicants

1-800-565-4723
admissions@algonquincollege.com
Copy to clipboard
https://www.algonquincollege.com

International Applicants

1-800-565-4000
international@algonquincollege.com
Copy to clipboard
https://www.algonquincollege.com/international
https://www.algonquincollege.com/international/how-to-contact-us/

Follow Algonquin College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us