Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesCambrian College
Cambrian College
Get ready to take on the world.
On this Page
About Cambrian College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Cambrian College
Student Housing
Glenn Crombie Centre Accessibility, Counselling, and Wellness
Wabnode Centre for Indigenous Services
Contact Cambrian College
About Cambrian College

Cambrian College has been creating unforgettable learning experiences, developing careers, and building futures for nearly 60 years. Join Cambrian's growing network of more than 70,000 grads who are applying their skills, knowledge, and expertise in workplaces across Canada and around the world.

As a student, you'll find an inspiring and supportive learning environment that delivers enriching experiences that extend beyond the classroom. You'll get access to Cambrian's expert faculty and fully-loaded shops and labs through programs that blend academic learning; industry-specific, hands-on training; and community involvement opportunities to help you achieve your dream career.

Whether you're a high school graduate, adult learner, international student, or seasoned professional working to acquire new skills and knowledge, you'll feel like you're amongst friends at Cambrian… and when you graduate, you'll be ready to take on the world!

Quick Statistics
5,000+

Full-time students

22:1

Average student-to-teacher ratio

90+

Full-time programs

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Links

Cambrian College

Supports and Services

Cambrian Events

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Cambrian College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Student Housing

Imagine walking just a few steps to get to class. No buses, traffic, or long treks. Cambrian's residences are located on campus and offer a convenient, safe, and fun way to balance studying and socializing. The dorm-style and townhouse-style residences can accommodate 677 students. Dorm-style units include two single bedrooms, a three-piece bathroom, and a kitchenette. Each bedroom includes a double bed, a closet, built-in wardrobe, a study desk and chair, and phone and internet access.

Townhouse residences offer six bedrooms, two of which have design adjustments to accommodate special needs. The bedrooms contain a captain's bed and all the amenities of a dorm-style room. There are three bathrooms in the units – one full bathroom with shower, sink, and toilet, and two half bathrooms with a toilet and sink or tub/shower and sink.

Glenn Crombie Centre Accessibility, Counselling, and Wellness

For more than 20 years, Cambrian has been a leader in accessibility services. If you've ever been diagnosed with a disability or experienced learning difficulties, Cambrian's caring experts in the internationally-renowned Glenn Crombie Centre can help you with accommodations, assistive technology, learning strategies, referrals (including psychoeducational assessments), and more. Learn more.

Wabnode Centre for Indigenous Services

If you're a learner of Indigenous Descent, you will find a home away from home with the Wabnode Centre. The Centre provides spaces for all Cambrian students to participate in spiritual and cultural activities and access specialized services and supports. Learn more.

Contact Cambrian College

Canadian Applicants

1-800-461-7145
info@cambriancollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.cambriancollege.ca

International Applicants

international@cambriancollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://cambrianinternational.ca

Follow Cambrian College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us