Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesCanadore College
Canadore College
Great Things Happen Here
On this Page
About Canadore College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Canadore College
Sustainability
Residence
Sport and Wellness
Contact Canadore College
About Canadore College

At Canadore College, we offer hands-on learning that prepares you for real-world careers. With award-winning professors, strong industry partnerships, and one of the highest graduation rates in the province, you know you're receiving a top-tier post-secondary education.

Canadore offers career-focused programs, advanced training labs, global degree pathways, and countless experiential opportunities for students. We're committed to student success and offer extensive on-campus support services like financial assistance, mental health and well-being, career services, cultural services, and much more.

Where will your future take you?

Quick Statistics
80

Full-time programs

6,000

Student population

85,000

Alumni in the workforce

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
Aviation Technology - Aircraft Maintenance and Avionics

Learn all the complexities of aircraft maintenance with an advanced specialization in avionics in this multidisciplinary program. Receive theoretical and practical training on components and systems, including engines, hydraulics, landing gear, and much more.

Details
Apply
Honours Bachelor of Science - Nursing

The program's training is student-centred and interprofessional. Professors work with partners in the community to provide students with diverse, real-world experiences. Clinical practice focuses on mental health, acute care, home care, public health, gerontology, and maternal and child health.

Details
Apply
Respiratory Therapy

Learn to evaluate, treat, and manage the care of patients with cardiopulmonary abnormalities. Respiratory therapists are an integral part of the healthcare team, providing ventilation and airway management, cardiopulmonary resuscitation, oxygen therapy, and assisting with high-risk births and anesthesia in the operating room.

Details
Apply
Indigenous Wellness and Addictions Prevention

Gain the skills and knowledge you need for employment in a variety of addiction settings through practical, hands-on learning. The curriculum is based on the holistic teachings of the Medicine Wheel, with a focus on the root causes of addiction within Indigenous communities.

Details
Apply
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

Canadore Events

New Butt

Admissions

Housing for Canadore Students

Canadore Students' Council

Book a Tour

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Canadore College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Sustainability

Canadore is working towards a sustainable future for YOUR generation and generations to come.

The Proof

We vow to achieve carbon neutrality by 2031.
Canadore and our student government are proud signatories of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Accord.
ImpAct-Climate Campus Living Labs: exploring innovative solutions to climate challenges, driving real-world impact and inspiring change.
Residence

Choosing to stay in residence is a great way to meet new people and make lifelong friends. Our apartment-style and townhouse residences accommodate 750 students, with each student having their own private bedroom. Our furnished residence buildings offer full kitchens, three-piece bathrooms, free Wi-Fi, laundry facilities, and fitness, study, and game rooms. There's easy access to transportation nearby, and hydro and other utilities are also included.

First-year students - Apply online by May 1 to guarantee your spot in residence. Learn more.




Sport and Wellness

Canadore offers Sport and Wellness programs to fit your schedule and lifestyle. We have recreation and extramural activities, varsity teams and leagues, and fitness and wellness classes to choose from. We also offer workshops and campus life events at each campus!

Varsity and Extramural Sports
Fitness and Wellness
Recreational Sports and Activities
Our Facilities by Campus
Aviation - Fitness room
Commerce Court - Fitness space, including high-performance opportunities
College Drive - Fitness centre, gymnasium, change room facilities

Learn more at canadorepanthers.ca and on our Canadore Panthers Instagram page!

NEW Panthers Sportsplex

Spanning an impressive 85,000 sq. ft., our dome is one of the largest in Ontario. It offers a range of top-tier athletic and training amenities, including a FIFA artificial turf surface, multi-purpose courts, a high-performance training area, and an attached clubhouse. 

Contact Canadore College

Canadian Applicants

705-474-7600
admissions@canadorecollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
http://www.canadorecollege.ca/

International Applicants

1-705-474-7600 ext. 5913
international@canadorecollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.canadorecollege.ca/international

Follow Canadore College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us