Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesCentennial College
Centennial College
Get Ready to Thrive
On this Page
About Centennial College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Centennial College
Contact Centennial College
About Centennial College

When Centennial College was founded as Ontario's first public college in 1966, it focused on preparing students for careers in business, communications, and social services. Today, Centennial is an international learning destination that welcomes students from around the world, while focusing on preparing all of our students with hands-on experience in their chosen field.

At Centennial, we prepare you to succeed by giving you the tools to take on your career. Our six campuses and learning sites, located across the Greater Toronto Area, connect you to active, local communities. Our hands-on approach and focus on social justice give you practical career skills and help shape you into a global citizen.

With a learning environment that focuses on diversity, equity, and inclusion, you can expect a meaningful education. Learning should be creative, freeing, and supportive. At Centennial, it is. Start preparing for your career with Centennial College!

Quick Statistics
200,000+

Alumni Around the World

#1

In Paid Student Research Internships

1,500+

Industry Partnerships

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
Game - Development (Online)

Game Development is a three-year advanced diploma program that aims to develop expert game designers who can create and develop their own titles. The program will prepare you to become technically literate with the ability to advance the conceptual and cultural potential of games.

Details
Apply
Biotechnology

Centennial College's Biotechnology program will prepare you to work as a laboratory technician (in quality control and quality assurance) in the food, pharmaceutical, and cosmetic industries.

Details
Apply
Social Service Worker

The Centennial College Social Service Worker program will prepare you to be a critical practitioner, advocate, problem solver, and agent of social change as you examine the expanding professional roles and responsibilities of social service workers within a rapidly changing society.

Details
Apply
Practical Nursing (Flexible)

The Practical Nursing Flexible program at Centennial College will offer you in-depth knowledge, skills, and judgment required in today's complex healthcare environment.

Details
Apply
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

Centennial College

Visit Us

Events

Why Choose Centennial

Centennial Colts

Career Guide

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Centennial College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Contact Centennial College

Canadian Applicants

416-289-5000
admissions@centennialcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.centennialcollege.ca

International Applicants

international@centennialcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.centennialcollege.ca/international-education/international-students/

Follow Centennial College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us