Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesConestoga College
Conestoga College
Connect Life and Learning
On this Page
About Conestoga College
Quick Statistics
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Conestoga College
Book a Campus Tour
Contact Conestoga College
About Conestoga College

At Conestoga, we prepare students for meaningful, future-proof careers. As a leader in polytechnic education, Conestoga offers a wide range of career-focused programs, hands-on training, and applied research opportunities that reflect the needs of today's world.

From state-of-the-art labs and co-op placements to applied research projects, our students graduate with the confidence and experience needed to lead in their fields. At Conestoga, we're not just building futures – we're helping shape the future of our communities, industries, and country.

Quick Statistics
300

Number of Programs

225,000+

Programs with Co-op Placements

$4.6M+

Student Awards Granted

Featured Programs
Bachelor of Animation

The Bachelor of Animation is a three-year, applied degree program that will provide graduates with the creative and technical skills to succeed in the demanding field of animation for feature film, streaming, TV series, commercials, and gaming industries. The program introduces foundational skills in various animation disciplines, such as 3D character animation, storyboarding, life drawing, and visual development. This unique degree gives students independent and collaborative opportunities to develop personally and professionally and includes a paid co-op work term.

Details
Apply
Applied Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning

Combining a basis in artificial intelligence algorithms and computer science, this two-term Ontario College Graduate Certificate will teach you how to design a successful technology stack for the acquisition, analysis, and resolving of emerging industry challenges with advanced computer resources and infrastructure. Advance your existing software development skills with real-world projects designed by Conestoga's experienced faculty and researchers.

Details
Apply
Bachelor of Environmental Public Health (Honours)

This program will prepare you for progressive public and private sector careers as an environmental public health professional (EPHP). The innovative BEPH program is one of only six in Canada accredited by the Canadian Institute of Public Health Inspectors (CIPHI), meeting the education requirements to become a certified public health inspector. The four-year Bachelor of Environmental Public Health (BEPH) degree program (including one paid co-op term) is delivered at the honours level.

Details
Apply
Electro-Mechanical and Automation Maintenance

This program focuses on the field of Mechatronics from an industrial maintenance perspective. Gain a combination of training in both electrical and mechanical maintenance, including applications in automated manufacturing systems, industrial robotics, and system integration. This program covers all the learning outcomes for Levels 1 and 2 of the Electrician and Millwright apprenticeship programs in Ontario and the optional co-op stream includes one paid co-op work term.

Details
Apply
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

Indigenous at Conestoga

Programs and Courses

Future Students

Campus Life and Services

Student Housing

New Button
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Conestoga College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Book a Campus Tour

Join us for a visit! Our campus tours provide a fantastic opportunity to explore our facilities, connect with our team, and gain firsthand insight into what makes Conestoga stand out. You'll walk through classrooms and labs, learn about student services, and be able to ask questions about our programs and support.

We offer weekly tours at our campuses in Kitchener, Cambridge, Waterloo, and Guelph.

Excited to explore? Register for your tour today!

Are you interested in other campuses? Contact tours@conestogac.on.ca to schedule an in-person visit. You can also explore the various Conestoga campuses through our virtual tours.

Contact Conestoga College

Canadian Applicants

519-748-5220
recruitment@conestogac.on.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.conestogac.on.ca

International Applicants

internationaladmissions@conestogac.on.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.conestogac.on.ca/international

Follow Conestoga College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us