Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesThe Michener Institute of Education at UHN
The Michener Institute of Education at UHN
We Make Healthcare Happen
On this Page
About The Michener Institute of Education at UHN
Quick Statistics
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at The Michener Institute of Education at UHN
Contact The Michener Institute of Education at UHN
About The Michener Institute of Education at UHN

The Michener Institute of Education at UHN is a leading academic partner of Ontario's health care system and Canada's only post-secondary institution devoted exclusively to applied health sciences education. Michener's broad range of full-time, part-time and continuing education programs are designed to meet the emerging needs of the health care system.

For more than 65 years, Michener has led the way in developing highly sought after applied health professionals. Located in downtown Toronto within the University Health Network (UHN), Canada's #1 Hospital, Michener's curriculum is informed by innovation, research and clinical expertise, giving graduates a distinct advantage as they begin their careers.

At Michener, we make healthcare happen.

Quick Statistics
30

Simulation environments to replicate clinical settings

1,200

Full-time students

4,200

Part-time students

Featured Programs
Chiropody

Canada's only English-taught Chiropody program provides a rigorous curriculum in fundamental podiatric medicine and clinical practice that integrates didactic courses, hands-on practical labs, simulated clinical training and clinical practice right from the first year of the program. Students get the opportunity to gain real world experience as they treat patients under the supervision of licensed chiropodists in Michener's on-site Chiropody Clinic.

Details
Apply
Diagnostic Cytology

Michener offers one of the only Diagnostic Cytology programs in Canada, where students develop a broad knowledge base and practical skills through didactic courses, simulated labs and clinical placements that will enable them to become entry level cytotechnologists upon graduation. Join the fight against cancer and become an integral member of a healthcare team.

Details
Apply
Respiratory Therapy

The Respiratory Therapy program provides students with full access to practice labs equipped with the most current and advanced respiratory therapy equipment, ensuring the lab and simulation activities mirror clinical realities. A clinical placement helps students gain further real-world experience. Michener's intensive program covers all facets of entry-to-practice requirements, ensuring our graduates are job-ready.

Details
Apply
  
View All Programs
Featured Links

Why Michener

Viewbook

Programs

Michener News

Virtual Tour

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at The Michener Institute of Education at UHN
Student Life
Location
     
Contact The Michener Institute of Education at UHN

Canadian Applicants

1-800-387-9066
admissions@michener.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.michener.ca

International Applicants

intlstudent@michener.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://michener.ca/admission-registration/international-students/

Follow The Michener Institute of Education at UHN on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us