Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesMohawk College
Mohawk College
Become Future Ready at Mohawk College
On this Page
About Mohawk College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Staff
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Mohawk College
Message from the President
Contact Mohawk College
About Mohawk College

Discover Mohawk College, where academic excellence meets hands-on, career-focused education. We offer programs designed to prepare you for success in today's most in-demand industries. Whether you're interested in healthcare, skilled trades, aviation, technology, or sustainability, our programs combine expert instruction with real-world training opportunities to give you the skills and experience employers are looking for.

At Mohawk, learning goes beyond the classroom. Students gain valuable, practical experience through labs, simulations, and industry placements that mirror the professional workforce. We're proud to be home to the School of Climate Action, as well as highly respected programs in health sciences, skilled trades and aviation, each designed in collaboration with industry partners to ensure our graduates are career-ready.

When you choose Mohawk, you join a supportive community that's focused on your success. With modern facilities, dedicated student services, and countless opportunities for hands-on learning, you'll have everything you need to build your skills, grow your confidence, and reach your career goals.

Wherever your ambition takes you, Mohawk College is here to help you get there.

Quick Statistics
1,100+

employers in our network

About 50%

of our programs have a co-op or placement opportunity

5,040

tutoring appointments in the last academic year.

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
School of Climate Action

Our sustainability and climate-focused programs help you combine practical experience with skill development and industry knowledge, equipping you to lead change in the green economy. Choose between the Environmental Technician Diploma (2 years), Biotechnology Diploma (2 years) or Advanced Diploma (3 years) and grow your career through the best in climate-led learning.

Details
View All Programs
Featured Staff
Jef Petrossi

Advertising and Marketing Communications Management - 652

Mohawk College's Advertising students graduate with incredibly high standards, thanks to Professor Jef Petrossi. Under his mentorship, students have won major awards like the ADCCs, Applied Arts, and even international honours at The One Show.

Named a National Canadian Professor of the Year, Petrossi brings more than just theory to the classroom. His students benefit from his real-world experience from working with big brands like Starbucks and TD Canada Trust. His professional work has been featured in top publications, including AdAge, Applied Arts, and the New York Festivals.

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Mohawk College
Student Life
Location
Message from the President

At Mohawk College, student success and academic excellence are our foundation. This is on display in our labs, classrooms, support services, and study spaces. Through experiential learning opportunities and cutting-edge technology, we're committed to preparing you to lead and inspire.

We take pride in our state-of-the-art lab spaces, where students don't just learn about the future – they create it. Whether you're conducting research or collaborating with peers on current-world challenges, our facilities provide the tools to bring your learning to life.

As the first college in Canada to offer co-operative education, we're built on experiential learning and strong employer relationships. Today, we continue to offer our students the benefits of those connections.

Our dedicated faculty are experts, industry leaders, and mentors who are here to guide and challenge you every step of the way. They bring real-world experiences and connections to employers into the classroom, ensuring that your education is linked to the world beyond our college.

Before you begin your first class, you'll become part of a community that's dedicated to your success. Our support systems start in the application process and stay with you to graduation day and beyond.

At Mohawk College, imagine the discoveries you'll make, the friendships you'll build, and the incredible journey that awaits you. We cannot wait to see you become part of our college community.

Paul Armstrong, President

Mohawk College

Contact Mohawk College

Canadian Applicants

1-844-767-6871
ask@mohawkcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.mohawkcollege.ca

International Applicants

international@mohawkcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.mohawkcollege.ca/international-students
https://www.mohawkcollege.ca/form/contact-international-team

Follow Mohawk College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us