Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesUniversity of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
Leading Change: Big Impact, Small Footprint
On this Page
About University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
Featured Video
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
Student Housing
Contact University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
About University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus

The University of Guelph's Ridgetown Campus offers career-focused training and skill development programs in agriculture, plants, animals and the environment. Our strength in hands-on, experiential learning and industry connections will provide you with the experiences and knowledge for your future.

Located in the picturesque town of Ridgetown, Ontario (just an hour from London), we "improve the world growing around us" by developing the next generation of sustainable leaders through real-world experiences, like co-op and industry networking events.

Our student population is approximately 600 diploma, certificate, and apprenticeship students. You'll benefit from the small campus environment and community vibe. There's no better place in Canada to learn about plants, animals, agriculture and the environment than the University of Guelph.

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Links

Ridgetown Campus

Academic Support

Ridgetown Campus Programs

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus
Student Life
Culture
Location
Student Housing

Steckley Hall Residence gives students the opportunity to meet new friends while having several comforts of home. By choosing to live on campus, you'll live close to classmates, athletic facilities, the cafeteria, and your classrooms. Students living on-campus required to purchase our meal plan.

About Steckley Hall Residence

Co-ed, dormitory style facility
Staffed 7-days a week, 24 hours a day
Shared kitchenette
Fitness Centre
Washers and dryers
Common rooms with flat screen TVs, pool tables, and comfortable furniture

An off-campus housing listing is also available for students that prefer to live off campus or are studying in the 1st year of the Associate Diploma in Equine Care in Management (located in Clinton, ON).

Contact University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus

Canadian Applicants

1-877-674-1610
rcregistrar@uoguelph.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.ridgetownc.com

International Applicants

internat@uoguelph.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.ridgetownc.com/future/admission-international/

Follow University of Guelph, Ridgetown Campus on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us