Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesSault College
Sault College
Find The Real You
On this Page
About Sault College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Featured Staff
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Sault College
Take a Virtual Tour
Contact Sault College
About Sault College

At Sault College, we empower you to turn your passions into a career through hands-on, practical learning. With programs in aviation, business, community services, culinary, engineering technology, general arts and science, health, information technology, Indigenous studies, media and design, policing, law and public safety, natural environment and outdoors, salon and spa, and skilled trades and transportation, you'll gain the skills and experience needed to succeed in your chosen career path.

Learn in a supportive environment with small class sizes, dedicated faculty, and state-of-the-art facilities. Through experiential learning opportunities – including simulation training, work placements, student jobs, co-ops, applied research projects, field camps, apprenticeships, virtual reality, and capstone projects – you'll gain real-world experience to prepare for success.

Quick Statistics
50+

Full-Time Programs

$2 million+

in Scholarships

100+

Pathways to Degrees

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
Bachelor of Science – Nursing (Honours)

Complete all four years of your Bachelor of Science in Nursing (Honours) degree, gaining hands-on experience through simulation labs and clinical placements starting in your first semester.

Details
Apply
Aviation Technology – Flight

Launch your aviation career with hands-on training in state-of-the-art simulators and a great fleet, including the addition of seven Cirrus SR Series aircraft. Train with experienced instructors, gain extensive flight hours, and earn your commercial pilot's license – preparing you for exciting opportunities in the aviation industry.

Details
Apply
Forestry Technician – Conservation

Get hands-on in the outdoors to protect and maintain Canada's forests. Learn through field-based training in forestry, environmental science, and natural resource management. Gain practical skills while studying in some of the best outdoor spaces, surrounded by endless forests and streams between Lake Superior and Lake Huron.

Details
Apply
Mechanical Techniques – Industrial Maintenance (Millwright)

Choose the path to an in-demand career with a strong foundation in the millwright trade. Gain hands-on experience using industry-standard equipment in labs, learn from skilled instructors, and be prepared for real-world success, whether entering the workforce or pursuing further education or an apprenticeship in the trade.

Details
Apply
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

Book A Campus Tour

Connect With a Recruiter

Programs A-Z

Virtual Tours

International Students

Featured Staff
Ryan Namespetra

A dedicated professional in the natural resources field with a deep-rooted passion for the outdoors. He's also a Sault College alumnus!

Ryan thrives as a Program Coordinator in the School of Natural Environment, sharing his enthusiasm for the natural world with students. He takes pride in guiding his students through their academic journey and preparing them for successful careers in the natural environment sector.

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at Sault College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Take a Virtual Tour

Explore interactive virtual tours of Sault College program areas, campus services and supports, Indigenous supports, athletics, residence, and some of the amazing things to see and do around the Soo.

Take a virtual tour of Sault College

Contact Sault College

Canadian Applicants

705-759-2554
studentrecruitment@saultcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.saultcollege.ca

International Applicants

1-800-461-2260
international@saultcollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.saultcollege.ca/international-students

Follow Sault College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us