Skip to main content
Apply/Log In
International Applicants
FR
Programs & Colleges
Application & Fees
News & Events
About Us
Help
Search
HomeExplore CollegesSt. Clair College
St. Clair College
Our Students Rise Above the Ordinary
On this Page
About St. Clair College
Quick Statistics
Featured Video
Featured Programs
Featured Links
Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at St. Clair College
Message from the President
Contact St. Clair College
About St. Clair College

Welcome to St. Clair College – your gateway to a future full of possibilities. St. Clair College is committed to preparing you for a rewarding career. Whether you're beginning your academic journey or advancing your professional skills, we're here to help you succeed in today's dynamic job market.

Our campuses feature state-of-the-art facilities, such as the Toldo Centre for Applied Health Sciences, the Ford Centre for Excellence in Manufacturing, and the Esports Nexus Arena. These spaces are equipped with real-world tools and technology to enrich your learning experience.

From Business and Technology to Media and the Skilled Trades, St. Clair College oﬀers a wide range of programs to match your interests and goals. Join Saints Nation and gain the knowledge, hands-on training, and technical expertise that employers value.

Quick Statistics
$6M

In Scholarships & Bursaries

100+

Programs

40+

Student Clubs

Featured Video
Loading ...
Featured Programs
Engineering

Our programs focus on applied aspects of science and engineering principles to help solve or prevent technical problems.

Details
Community Studies

The School of Community Studies is a great place for caring, compassionate individuals to turn their passion into a purpose that serves our community.

Details
Information Technology

Thrive in the ﬁeld of IT and learn web services, telecommunications, cybersecurity & much more.

Details
Business

The Zekelman School of Business oﬀers programs that develop the skills that today's employers value.

Details
   
View All Programs
Featured Links

St. Clair College

Student Recruitment

Saints Athletics

Student Representative Council

St. Clair Thames Students Inc.

Virtual Tour

Campus Locations
Upcoming Events
Life at St. Clair College
Student Life
Culture
Location
Message from the President

At St. Clair College, we're proud to oﬀer a vibrant and supportive environment for students at every stage of their journey – whether you're just starting out, looking to enhance your current skills, or ready to make a bold career change. Our wide range of academic programs gives you the ﬂexibility to choose a path that ﬁts your goals and dreams.

But there's so much more to the college than just the classroom. From our exceptional student services and state-of-the-art facilities to the exciting athletic and extracurricular activities that ﬁll our campuses with energy, we're committed to helping you succeed and feel at home.

We encourage you to explore everything we have to oﬀer – visit our website, connect with us on social media, or better yet, come see us in person. Take a campus tour, meet our dedicated faculty and students, and get a real feel for what it means to be part of Saints Nation. Because when you choose St. Clair College, you're choosing the best.

Michael Silvaggi, M.Ad.Ed.

President

Contact St. Clair College

Canadian Applicants

519-966-1656
info@stclaircollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.stclaircollege.ca

International Applicants

international@stclaircollege.ca
Copy to clipboard
https://www.stclaircollege.ca/international

Follow St. Clair College on Social Media!

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

Twitter

YouTube

60 Corporate Court, Guelph, ON, N1G 5J3

Get in Touch

ask-us@ontariocolleges.ca

Copy contact email to clipboard

By Phone:

Weekdays, 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Phone : +1 519-763-4725

Toll Free : +1 888-892-2228

Through Chat:

Monday-Thursday, 8:30 a.m. - 5:30 p.m ET

Friday: 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. ET

Need Help?

Help Centre – Canadian Applicants

Help Centre – International Applicants

Stay Connected

Instagram

Facebook

LinkedIn

YouTube

© 2025 OCAS

Terms of Use

Privacy

Cookie Settings

Land Acknowledgement

Accessibility

Sitemap

Contact Us